Ye Shuanghe is back
He used to be a trainee secretary
And I fell in love with Mr. Gu at first sight
Right?
The secretary suddenly went abroad to study that night
Two people broke
Hey, Jiang Yining seems to be an intern in the secretary department too
And the temperament is also very similar to Ye Shuanghe
You say
Could it be the kind of elevated love in the novel?
What about Jiang Yiming?
Ye Shuanghe was assigned to the Secretary Department as soon as he returned to China
Close contact with Mr. Gu every day
In the future, please suddenly
That's true.
Hey, is that Jiang Yiming?
Nini
What's going on here?
What do you think?
Where were you this morning?
I'm going to work.
You are still lying to me.
What did you and Ye Shuanghe do at Langting Club?
You know best
Do you need me to tell you?
The rule is that we are only married for one day
I can't help but rekindle my old relationship with him
Li Ming
I have no relationship with Ye Shuangluo
lonely boy and widowed girl
Do you think I will believe you
Can I not know if I have done it?
Your words are so hard to say
Didn't you just mistake Colonel Lin Xia for him before?
Let me forgive you
You kicked him out of the story
He is out of work now.
How do I
Mr. Gu is distressed
Yes, Yueshuanghe is your first love
Your white moonlight
I saw him and I just found out
Me and his personality
Identity opportunities are so similar
Are you using me as his replacement?
Of course not.
Nope.
Do you like this piece?
Guo Yuntian, I remember I said
If one day you do something wrong to me
I will leave with the child.
Tingting
And so forth.
You can go
But the child is a family
You can't leave until you have a baby